doc: add ReflectConstruct to known perf issues (#50111)
nodejs/node: doc/contributing/primordials.md

* `SafePromiseAny`
* `SafePromiseRace`
* `SafePromisePrototypeFinally`: use `try {} finally {}` block instead.

> * `ReflectConstruct`: see linked PRs to [nodejs/performance#109](https://github.com/nodejs/performance/issues/109)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ReflectConstruct`: Also effected `Reflect.construct`. `ReflectConstruct` creates new types of classes inside functions. Instead create a shared class. See [nodejs/performance#109](https://github.com/nodejs/performance/issues/109)
```

Author: Thanks for your suggestion but I think I will create a new documentation file just to talk about the performance issues and better alternatives to cover cases where the primordial is not slow, just the operation itself (like Reflect.Construct).

Reviewer 2: For the record, either options (Aras' suggestion, or Vinicius' plan) sounds good to me, and would resolve my objection.

Author: In this case, if the suggestion is good enough, I'd rather keep it simple and just add this suggestion for now.

And later I can create a doc file and add more context about these alternatives (instead of just making contributors see a bunch of PRs).

* `SafePromisePrototypeFinally`: use `try {} finally {}` block instead.
* `ReflectConstruct`: Also affects `Reflect.construct`.

>   `ReflectConstruct` creates new types of classes inside functions.

Reviewer: I know I am nitpicking myself.

Maybe should be "at runtime" and not "inside functions". 

Sorry.
